# Solid Electrolyte: Machine Learning to Optimize Conductivity
## Repo Introduction
This repository holds the code intended to be used for the Mesoscale Computational Modeling Research Group. More information about the project and the research group can be found on the [group website](https://mesomod.weebly.com/featured-research-topics.html) Scripts include those to submit runs of the phase-field simulation to condor automatically as well as scraping all of the resulting composition concentration data from the .dat files and organizing it into a '.csv' file.

## Script Descriptions:

* **[run simulation](https://github.com/evanokeefe/Solid_Electrolyte/tree/master/run%20simulation):** This script is intended to be run on the CHTC servers. The script requires a 'run_files' directory and a 'sim_plan.csv' file. The 'sim_plan.csv' outlines the parameters for the simulations that need to be run. Each row will lead to new run of the simulation with the parameters outlined in the row. The 'run_files' directory contains all of the files necessary to run the simulation, and the script will update the 'multiple-batch.sh' file to submit the necessary number of runs and number of particles for each run based on the range provided in the simulation plan. The simulation runs will be submitted to the condor queue. Since each run of the simulation is made up of many individual jobs on the server, the simulation runs may take a few hours to complete on the server. When the simulation completes, each 'number' directory will contain 'effElectricalConductivity.dat' as well as the the other output files.

* **[extract data](https://github.com/evanokeefe/Solid_Electrolyte/tree/master/extract%20data):** This script is intended to be run wherever the output directories from the simulation runs are located. The script will loop through the current directory checking each file if it is an output directory. For each output directory found, the script will loop through each number directory computing the conductivity from the matrix in the 'effElectricalConductivity.dat' and scrape the concentrations from the 'struct.in' file. The script outputs the data in a '.csv' file under a shortened name using the shape and a1 value.

* **[tar to group](https://github.com/evanokeefe/Solid_Electrolyte/tree/master/tar%20to%20group):** This script is intended to be run in the directory containing the outputs from the simulation runs. The script can take arugments of serveral output directories. For each argument given, the script will remove all of the input files and compress the directory down to a tar file. Once the directory is compressed, it is moved to the 'to_process' folder in the group directory. 
